README.md, before:

# astro-tabiri

Astrology is a practice that involves studying the positions and movements of the planets, stars, and other celestial objects to understand their influence on human affairs. It has been practiced for centuries and is still popular today, especially among young people.

Astro-Tabiri is a web application that provides users with daily horoscopes and zodiac information. It is tailored for astrology enthusiasts and curious individuals who want to enjoy personalized daily horoscope predictions and gain deep insights into their zodiac sign's traits, compatibility, and more.

It provides users with daily horoscope readings through data scraping from [horoscope.com](horoscope.com) and gathers comprehensive zodiac information via an API.

### 🔴 [LIVE LINK](https://astrotabiri.netlify.app/)

## Problem Statement

In the post-COVID-19 era, astrology has become increasingly popular, particularly among Millennials and Gen z. This trend is characterized by an increasing demand for easily accessible astrology-related content. The challenge lies in the overwhelming nature of the information available on websites, making it difficult for users to find specific content related to their zodiac signs and general horoscope predictions.

## Solution

Astro-tabiri is a simple web application that caters to users who are looking for two primary things: learning about their zodiac signs and receiving general horoscope predictions. Astro-tabiri offers an easy-to-navigate experience, providing precisely what the majority of astrology enthusiasts seek.

### Benefits of Astro-tabiri Web App

1. Streamlined Astrology Information: It implifies the complex world of astrology by providing easy access to zodiac information and general horoscope predictions in one place.

2. User-Friendly Experience: The web app is designed for straightforward navigation, ensuring that users can quickly find the information they seek without any unnecessary complexity.

3. Time-Efficient: Users can save time by getting the most popular astrology content without the need to sift through extensive data or content.

4. Focused Content: Astro-tabiri caters to a specific niche of astrology enthusiasts who are primarily interested in learning about their zodiac signs and receiving general horoscope predictions.

5. Introduction to Astrology: It serves as an excellent entry point for individuals new to astrology, offering clear and concise information without overwhelming them with jargon.

<hr>

## Built With 🔨

- JavaScript(ES6)
- React
- Tailwindcss
- Web scrapping
- API

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- IDE (VCode For me 🔥).

### Clone this repository

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/jmoseka/astro-tabiri.git
$ cd astro-tabiri
$ npm install
```

### Open page in browser

```bash
$ npm start

```

## Author

👤 **Jamila Moseka**

- GitHub: [@jmoseka](https://github.com/jmoseka)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Update README.md with controbutor daniaskpa contribution

README.md, after:

# astro-tabiri

Astrology is a practice that involves studying the positions and movements of the planets, stars, and other celestial objects to understand their influence on human affairs. It has been practiced for centuries and is still popular today, especially among young people.

Astro-Tabiri is a web application that provides users with daily horoscopes and zodiac information. It is tailored for astrology enthusiasts and curious individuals who want to enjoy personalized daily horoscope predictions and gain deep insights into their zodiac sign's traits, compatibility, and more.

It provides users with daily horoscope readings through data scraping from [horoscope.com](horoscope.com) and gathers comprehensive zodiac information via an API.

### 🔴 [LIVE LINK](https://astrotabiri.netlify.app/)

## Problem Statement

In the post-COVID-19 era, astrology has become increasingly popular, particularly among Millennials and Gen z. This trend is characterized by an increasing demand for easily accessible astrology-related content. The challenge lies in the overwhelming nature of the information available on websites, making it difficult for users to find specific content related to their zodiac signs and general horoscope predictions.

## Solution

Astro-tabiri is a simple web application that caters to users who are looking for two primary things: learning about their zodiac signs and receiving general horoscope predictions. Astro-tabiri offers an easy-to-navigate experience, providing precisely what the majority of astrology enthusiasts seek.

### Benefits of Astro-tabiri Web App

1. Streamlined Astrology Information: It implifies the complex world of astrology by providing easy access to zodiac information and general horoscope predictions in one place.

2. User-Friendly Experience: The web app is designed for straightforward navigation, ensuring that users can quickly find the information they seek without any unnecessary complexity.

3. Time-Efficient: Users can save time by getting the most popular astrology content without the need to sift through extensive data or content.

4. Focused Content: Astro-tabiri caters to a specific niche of astrology enthusiasts who are primarily interested in learning about their zodiac signs and receiving general horoscope predictions.

5. Introduction to Astrology: It serves as an excellent entry point for individuals new to astrology, offering clear and concise information without overwhelming them with jargon.

<hr>

## Built With 🔨

- JavaScript(ES6)
- React
- Tailwindcss
- Web scrapping
- API

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- IDE (VCode For me 🔥).

### Clone this repository

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/jmoseka/astro-tabiri.git
$ cd astro-tabiri
$ npm install
```

### Open page in browser

```bash
$ npm start

```

## Author

👤 **Jamila Moseka**

- GitHub: [@jmoseka](https://github.com/jmoseka)

## 🤝 Contribution

👤 **Daniel Asakpa**

[@danielasakpa](https://github.com/danielaskpa)

- Enhanced User Interaction:
  When someone clicks on a Zodiac Button, only that button is highlighted with an opacity of 100%. This visual feedback improves user interaction, making it clear which Zodiac Button was clicked.
  Code Readability and Developer Experience:

- Refactoring the code by separating components makes it easy to read and understand. This not only enhances the current codebase but also facilitates future contributions from developers looking to contribute to the project.

  [feat: Enhancement: Add active effect to Zodiac Buttons, separate components and fix displayHoroscope usage](https://github.com/jmoseka/astro-tabiri/pull/17)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
